* Prototye user interface
    v Hide keyboard after writing some text
v Create a collection view of the prescriptions
v Create hardcoded prescriptinons
v Modify a prescription
    v Update dosis value
v Add a new prescription
v Remove a prescription
v Calculate last dosis
v Refill
* Next dosis 
  v (Program timer)
  v Wake up timer from foreground
v Final GUI
  * Icons in launch image
  v Background for table view
  v Cell information
v Serialization
* Add time period in text into the field Dose
* Support for Spanish
* Advise for app punctuation
* Camera integration (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7COfFjhXo8)
    v Save button when image is updated
    v Save image when apps is send to background
    v Add picture button when is being added a prescription
    v Move image from update screen to main prescription list
    v Merge branch to master
v BUG. Cell background when there is only one cell
v Create test doses with 1 minute, 2 minutes and 4 minutes
v Add a sample prescription when the prescription list is empty
v BUG. Add a sample prescription when the prescription list is empty. Appears alert but is not created sample.
v Show a message in the cell when remaining pills are lower than a dose required and disable dose button in update form.
  t prescription list must show run out of pills
  t Initialized update prescription form when there are no pills
  t Disabled dose button at the moment you run out of pills
  t Show alert message
  t After pressing dose must be closed update dialog.
  t Recalculate when a new dose value is entered
  t Recalculate when a new box units value is entered
v Add Audio whena prescription has gone off
v Show time ellapsed per prescription when timer has gone off
V One alert per prescription
v Throw a notification per ongoing prescription.
v Disable refill button when prescription has been already refilled. 
v BUG. After pressing dose in a prescription with 1 unit taken remaining decreases in two units.
v BUG. Dosis text is not updated properly after changing dose timing on Add form
v BUG. Dosis text is not updated properly after changing dose timing on Update form
v BUG. If there is no picture in the prescription the text is shifted
* BUG. Logic for save button is not worfing fine. Is disabled when you get back from dose table. It happens in Add and Update form
* BUG. Align texts for labels and boxes.

* Remove test doses
